Add docs on how to use w/ `rehype-sanitize` (#68)
remarkjs/remark-math: readme.md

Always be wary of user input and use [`rehype-sanitize`][rehype-sanitize].

If you are using [`rehype-sanitize`][rehype-sanitize], but fully trust that

> [KaTeX][] doesn't have any XSS vulnerabilities, you can allow list the required

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[KaTeX][] doesn’t have any XSS vulnerabilities, you can allow list the required
```

class names added by `remark-math` by extending the sanitize schema like so:

```js
const mathSanitizeSchema = {
  ...defaultSchema,
  attributes: {
    ...defaultSchema.attributes,
    div: [
      ...defaultSchema.attributes.div,
      ["className", "math", "math-display"],
    ],
    span: [
      ["className", "math", "math-inline"],
    ],
  },
};
```

> And applying the `rehype-katex` plugin _after_ the [`rehype-sanitize`][rehype-sanitize] one like so:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
And applying the `rehype-katex` plugin *after* the [`rehype-sanitize`][rehype-sanitize] one like so:
```

running `npm install` and `npm test` might catch some prose stuff
